you know just a few months Twitter will
turn six years old in 2006 tweeting with
something only Birds Dib now it is our
number one way to insult celebrities
celebrities with Twitter accounts and I
know this because I have one get
bombarded with sometimes hundreds of
insults a day so over the last few
months we've been asking some of our
celebrity guests to sit down and read
the mean things people tweet about them
this is the third time we've done this
and we call it celebrities read mean
tweets
Selena Gomez is on the radio right now
is there a volume lower than mute sorry
I saw Larry King at dinner but it might
have been just the run-of-the-mill
Goblin dr. Phil why don't you shut up
you bald-headed bigmouth hillbilly
Simon Cowell you might threaten already
sorry that's one of the nicest things
anybody's ever said about me and I've
got a bit of a lump in my throat man
thank you because I really have it my
Asian orthodontist says Jessica Bo has
horse teeth Wow David Arquette got old
that's right I did get old what happens
at Kirstie Alley is a dirty there
I said it
thank you uh Adam Scott Tom Arnold
you're an inspiration to all fat dubs
who love cocaine and who love to fat
disgusting chicks my hairy penis thanks
you look no one else finds hayden
Panettiere intolerable is that a
question I'm not being mean but why does
Anderson Cooper remind me of dinosaurs
Eric Stonestreet why so awkward and
Yeley
I'm not awkward and Yeley christina
applegate
you were better when you wore spandex
instead of Spanx you old you guys
are like Lennon and McCartney only
fatter and gayer I thought this supposed
to be mean tweets Malcolm in the Middle
more like mushy in the middle lose some
weight Heisenberg
I've had a good chuckle over that one
I'm coming after you
TX Grizz